[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/event-hub/namespaces/network-rule-sets/README.md

> # EventHub Namespace Network Rule Sets `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/networkRuleSets]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Hub Namespace Network Rule Sets `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/networkRuleSets]`
```

> This module deploys an EventHub Namespace Network Rule Set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys an Event Hub Namespace Network Rule Set.
```
